Description copied from http://indiecode.net/2012/05/06/code-kata-mastermind/

About This Kata:
This problem was described in Uncle Bob’s Clean Coders video series during Episode 9: Single Responsibility Principle.
As the title of the episode suggests, this code kata will practice the first of the SOLID principles, SRP.

Problem Description:
Mastermind is a two player board game which has a goal of breaking a code.
The first player, the code maker, thinks of a 4 letter word using only the letters A through F.
The second player, the code breaker, tries to guess the code maker’s code by offering a sequence of guesses.
The code maker responds to each guess by offering specific clues.
The clues are used by the code breaker to make further guesses until the code is broken.
When the code is guessed, the number of tries is displayed to the user.

Example of a round to explain the clues:

-Code maker thinks of “DFCA”.
-The code breaker guessed “ABCD”.
-The code maker then responds with “–+”.

The minus signs indicate two letters of the guess are part of the code, but are not in the correct position.
The plus sign indicates one letter of the guess is part of the code and are in the correct position.

Exercise:
Please create an application that will act as a code breaker. It will start by outputting the code “AAAA”.
The user will then score the code. Based on the score, the app will make an educated guess for the next iteration.
The app will continue guessing until the code is broken.

Make sure to figure out which parts of the application need to be separated from one another such that the components
only work on one concern without affecting the other components.

Please practice TDD and let a design emerge. First get the functionality to work, and then refactor and clean your code
to separate concerns. Also, if possible, find another developer to practice pair programming so you can learn from each
other and learn different ideas and techniques for solving the problem.

Hints:
Figure out who the actors are. This will help you figure out the responsibilities of your classes to create a loosely coupled design.